Alert suppression time window (#3026)
elastic/security-docs: docs/detections/alert-suppression.asciidoc

Normally, when a rule matches multiple source events, it creates multiple alerts, one for each event. When alert suppression is configured, matching events are grouped by a specified field, and only one alert is created for each group. You can configure alert suppression to create alerts each time the rule runs, or once within a specified time window. You can also specify multiple fields to group events by unique combinations of values.

The {security-app} displays several indicators in the Alerts table and the alert details flyout when a detection alert is created with alert suppression enabled. You can view the original events associated with suppressed alerts by investigating the alert in Timeline.

NOTE: Alert suppression is not available for Elastic prebuilt rules. However, if you want to suppress alerts for a prebuilt rule, you can duplicate it, then configure alert suppression on the duplicated rule.

=== Configure alert suppression

You can configure alert suppression when you create or edit a custom query rule. Refer to <<create-custom-rule>> for detailed instructions.

> . When configuring the rule type (the *Define rule* step for a new rule, the *Definition* tab for an existing rule), enter one or more field names in *Suppress alerts by*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. When configuring the rule type (the *Define rule* step for a new rule, or the *Definition* tab for an existing rule), enter one or more field names in *Suppress alerts by*. 
```

. Select how often to create alerts for duplicate events:
+
--
* *Per rule execution*: Create an alert each time the rule runs and matches duplicate events.
* *Per time period*: Create one alert for all matching duplicate events within a specified time window, beginning when the rule first matches an event and creates the alert.
+

> For example, if a rule runs every 5 minutes but you don't need alerts that frequently, you can set the suppression time period to a longer time, such as 1 hour. If the rule matches an event, it creates an alert at that time, and for the next hour any subsequent matches will be suppressed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, if a rule runs every 5 minutes but you don't need alerts that frequently, you can set the suppression time period to a longer time, such as 1 hour. If the rule matches an event, it creates an alert at that time, and for the next hour, it'll suppress any subsequent matches.
```

--

> 

Reviewer: An image of the alert suppression window w/ the options would be good here, IMO.

Author: Added in https://github.com/elastic/security-docs/pull/3026/commits/60c37d4ae9e4489755b10bcdb7224c8821b02e94

preview::[]
--

> Alert suppression allows you to reduce the number of repeated or duplicate detection alerts created by a <<create-custom-rule,custom query detection rule>>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Alert suppression allows you to reduce the number of repeated or duplicate detection alerts created by a <<create-custom-rule,custom query>> detection rule. 
```
Feel free to ignore, but I was thinking of our conversation yesterday and I wonder if having the "custom query" part set apart from the "detection rule" part would be a nice subtle reminder that "custom query" is the name for a rule type

The {security-app} displays several indicators in the Alerts table and the alert details flyout when a detection alert is created with alert suppression enabled. You can view the original events associated with suppressed alerts by investigating the alert in Timeline.

NOTE: Alert suppression is not available for Elastic prebuilt rules. However, if you want to suppress alerts for a prebuilt rule, you can duplicate it, then configure alert suppression on the duplicated rule.

=== Configure alert suppression

You can configure alert suppression when you create or edit a custom query rule. Refer to <<create-custom-rule>> for detailed instructions.

. When configuring the rule type (the *Define rule* step for a new rule, or the *Definition* tab for an existing rule), enter one or more field names in *Suppress alerts by*. 
. Select how often to create alerts for duplicate events:
+
--

> * *Per rule execution*: Create an alert each time the rule runs and matches duplicate events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Per rule execution*: Create an alert each time the rule runs and matches duplicate events.
```
Wouldn't this be one or more events instead of duplicate events?

Author: ```suggestion
* *Per rule execution*: Create an alert each time the rule runs and matches one or more events.
```

> * *Per time period*: Create one alert for all matching duplicate events within a specified time window, beginning when the rule first matches an event and creates the alert.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* *Per time period*: Create one alert for all matching events within a specified time window, beginning when the rule first matches an event and creates the alert.
```
related to my previous comment, I think saying duplicate is a little confusing because I read it as implying that if there's only one event that matches the rule query (i.e., not a duplicate) then this wouldn't apply.
